Three.JS Libraries by HMU
=========================

This is a small collection of threejs libraries, including my own and third party dependencies. All the examples can be seen live at [gh-pages](http://hmudesign.github.io/threejs-libs).

World
-----

This is the base of my libraries (though not all require it). All the examples use this. It can be used directly (as in the [emitter example](http://hmudesign.github.io/threejs-libs/examples/emitter)) or as a base class (as in the [animator example](http://hmudesign.github.io/threejs-libs/examples/animator)).

Utils
-----

Provides:
* `HMU.Option(base, spread) - Constructor for repeatedly generating random values in a range.`
* `HMU.utils.randomVector3(base, spread)` - Returns a random `THREE.Vector3` in [base - spread / 2, base + spread / 2].
* `HMU.utils.randomEuler(base, spread)` - Returns a random `THREE.Euler` in [base - spread / 2, base + spread / 2].
* `HMU.utils.randomColor(base, spread)` - Returns a random `THREE.Color` in [base - spread / 2, base + spread / 2].
* `HMU.utils.randomFloat(base, spread)` - Returns a random `Number` in [base - spread / 2, base + spread / 2].

Utils.Geometry
--------------

Provides:
* `HMU.utils.CylinderGeometryUV(geometry)` - Generates a UV layout for the given `THREE.Geometry`, generated by `THREE.CylinderGeometry`.

Animator
--------

The animator library can be used standalone. The usage is fairly straight-forward and can be seen in the [animator example](http://hmudesign.github.io/threejs-libs/examples/animator).

Provides:
* `HMU.Animator()` - Constructor for an animations manager.
* `HMU.Animation(object, property, config)` - Constructor for an individual animation. (Probably won't need directly.)
* `HMU.Easing.*(time, base, change, duration)` - a subset of Robert Penner's Easing Equations. Extend to provide more easing options to `HMU.Animation`.

Emitter
-------

The emitter library depends on `HMU.Option`, provided by Utils. The easiest way to see how it works is to play with the [emitter example](http://hmudesign.github.io/threejs-libs/examples/emitter).

Provides:
* `HMU.Emitter(options)` - Constructor for managing an object emitter.

Perlin
------

The perlin library can be used standalone. The usage is fairly straight-forward and can be seen in the [perlin example](http://hmudesign.github.io/threejs-libs/examples/perlin). It is an early beta and has not been optimized.

Provides:
* `HMU.Perlin(input)` - Returns the scalar value for a given `THREE.Vector3`.
* `HMU.Perlin.gradient(input)` - Returns the gradient for a given `THREE.Vector3`, after rounding.

Private:
* `HMU.Perlin.gradient.fp(input)`
* `HMU.Perlin.gradient.fgx(input)`
* `HMU.Perlin.gradient.fgy(input)`
* `HMU.Perlin.gradient.fgz(input)`

Swarm
-----

The swarm library is only a skeleton, and currently has no usable code. When complete, it should be usable standalone, however.

Provides:
* `HMU.Swarm` - Constructor for managing a swarm of `HMU.Drone`s.
* `HMU.Drone` - An individual unit of an `HMU.Swarm`.
